ABSTRACT Most English foreign language (EFL) studies focus solely on human beings. This research explores how edge computing can facilitate learning for all things. The XoT (Xducation of Things) frame- work was proposed to educate both human and all things. All things encompass two terms: AI-Agent and smartthings (covering physical and digital smart objects). At the core of this framework is Smart Question Answer Forwarding Mechanism (SQA-Forwarding), specifically designed to assist all things in building knowledge. To demonstrate this, the smartXoT environment was developed based on XoT framework, and its impacts on EFL learners was assessed. A quasi-experimental study involving  EFL learners, divided into an experimental group (EG) and a control group (CG), examined the differences in learning achievement of smartthingsand EFL learners when using the smartXoT environment with/without SQA-Forwarding. Findings, on one hand, indicated that smartthingsin the EG developed knowledge bases greater than those in the CG. On the other hand, the interaction between EFL learners and smartthingswith SQA-Forwarding significantly improved learners writing skills, with revisions playing a crucial role in enhancing writing quality. Thus, the XoT framework offers a novel and promising approach to educating both humans and all things. INDEX TERMS On-device AI, AI, edge computing, EFL learning, Q&A interactions. Digital Object Identifier ./ACCESS.. Corresponding author: Wu-Yuin Hwang (wyhwang@gmail.com) I. INTRODUCTION Several studies have addressed Internet of Things (IoT) devices as things to support the learning process in educa- tion. For example, Tagliabue et al. [] built a smart learning environment with several IoT devices interconnected over the internet to analyze air quality in the classroom. On the other hand, Nehru and Chakraborty [] defined IoT devices for education purposes as education of things that enable human The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Sangsoon Lim . beings like EFL learners to learn from IoT. However, the aforementioned studies only addressed the one-way direction of interaction between things to things or things to humans. Moreover, EFL learners could learn to gain knowledge from different interactions with all things besides IoT devices in the real and digital world. For example, Nguyen et al. [] demonstrated that EFL learners had high motivation to learn English writing by describing physical objects sur- rounding them. Similarly, Chen et al. [] demonstrated that EFL learners enhanced their English vocabulary acquisition by learning through digital objects like three-dimensional content. In addition, several studies in language learning topics have implemented artificial intelligence as AI-agents for writing feedback and writing companion to support EFL learning [], []. However, only human beings act as learners to learn from all things like EFL learners learn from IoT devices or physical objects in the real world, and EFL learners learn from digital objects or AI-agents in the digital world. Therefore, a preliminary study tried to orchestrate all things including AI-agent, physical, and digital objects []. All things act as learners to connect, interact, manage, and educate each other. As a result, the AI-agent, physical, and digital objects have an opportunity, like human beings, to learn and teach each other to build their knowledge. The motivation to turn things into learners and build their knowl- edge is to facilitate communication with human beings during experimental activities. In this research, human beings can ask directly to things and gain more knowledge from the things about their properties, instead of searching via internet. Hence, these interactions could be advantageous for EFL learning for humans, particularly for EFL learners. In addi- tion, thingscould facilitate them to learn independently and act in real situations. The preliminary study has addressed these interactions among all things as X-Education []. On the other hand, multiple sensors in mobile devices that empower recognition technologies were rapidly used to support EFL learning [], [], []. For example, a previous study demonstrated that speech-to-text recognition could rec- ognize and transcribe the EFL learners English speech into texts for speaking practices []. Similarly, location-to-text recognition could recognize EFL learners location and then provide several lexical resources related to their location []. Hence, recognition technologies have been demonstrated to extract authentic contexts in EFL learning, thereby enhancing language acquisition. This process is commonly referred to as contextualization [], []. Similar to mobile devices, IoT devices equipped with sensors and actuators have the ability to recognize their surrounding contexts []. Therefore, the information from the surroundings through recognition technologies in mobile devices and sensors in IoT could be utilized to support con- textualization in EFL learning. In this study, we integrate the capital letter X with the word education to create the new term Xducation highlighting our aim to educate all things and explore their potentials to influence our world []. Therefore, this research addressed the exploration of educat- ing all things and their potential for education as Xducation of Things (XoT). Most IoT devices relied on cloud services for deploy- ing an AI model []. Additionally, mobile devices are rapidly becoming more capable of performing natural lan- guage processing tasks, referred to as on-device AI [], []. Sun et al. [] have demonstrated on-device AI like using TensorFlow-Lite technology and the mobileBERT model for questioning and answering (Q&A) in a mobile device. Hence, EFL learners could pose a question to on-device AI, which identifies potential answers from the knowledge bases stored in the mobile device. Several researchers have addressed the combination of IoT and mobile computing as edge comput- ing []. Through edge computing, all thingscan understand human language. For example, an EFL learner as a human being could engage in Q&A interactions with a Smart Trash Bin, which combines a physical object and edge computing, by asking about its properties. Consequently, a trash bin could answer the EFL learners questions about its properties. In the XoT, the combination of physical/digital objects and edge computing is referred to as smartthings. In the contexts of EFL learning, learners acquire English vocabulary by repetitively retrieving new lexical resources from the smartthings answers during Q&A interactions [], []. Furthermore, smartthings also could learn to answer questions posed by human beings. However, the learn- ers in this study were not only limited to human beings but also all things. Furthermore, contextualization could be utilized to support EFL learning, particularly during Q&A interactions, which is referred to as Smart Q&A interaction (SQA). Following the above-mentioned the SQA interaction, Smart Question Answer Forwarding Mechanism (SQA- Forwarding) was proposed in this research to modify a question based on the contextual information of the targeted smartthings before being forwarded during SQA interactions. By doing so, the knowledge base building of each smart- thing could be rapidly improved and it could enrich SQA interactions [], []. The knowledge bases in smartthings consist of a collection of sentences that represent unique concepts related to the smartthings themselves. In short, a question from EFL learners during the SQA interaction will be forwarded to all smartthings. Subsequently, the smart- things tried to answer similar questions, thereby building their new knowledge bases. This implies that smartthings could learn when a learner asks a question during the SQA interaction. Hence, the whole learning environment in this research is referred to as a smartXoT environment. Therefore, besides smartthings that could be taught and learned from each other, EFL learners also benefited from interacting with smartthingsthrough SQA interaction. This study not only aim to study whether the knowledge building of all things can be enhanced through interactions between learners and smart- things with SQA-Forwarding, but also focus on EFL writing and investigate whether there are any significant differences in learning behaviors and achievements. Our contributions are summarized as follows.  We proposed XoT framework and its potential for edu- cation. In XoT framework, the learners were not only human beings but also all things.  We developed smartXoT environment including several smartthings,which combined physical/digital objects with edge computing and AI based on the XoT frame- work for EFL learning.  We proposed the SQA-Forwarding mechanism to rapidly improved the smartthings knowledge bases dur- ing SQA interactions.  We conducted experimental design to analyze the interaction between EFL learners and smartthings with/without SQA-Forwarding mechanism and its influ- ence in the knowledge building of all things.  We highlighted significant difference in the learning achievement and learning behaviors of EFL learners with/without the SQA-Forwarding and their influence on EFL writing. This article is organized into seven sections as follows. Beginning with introduction in Section I, it is followed by section II providing the literature review. Section III provides an explanation of XoT framework and its implementation. Section IV discusses methodology. Section V presents the results and discussion. Section V presents the suggestion, implication and ethical consideration. Finally, section VII concludes the findings of this article. II.